hello my name is emma freud welcome to
my kitchen remind me of your name again
Mary Mary Barry is with me today which
is something of an honor
but don't tell Mary Barry that she's
bigger than that as it is I can see it
trouble from any to anything good
I'm not cooking you're doing the cookie
oh so far away what are you going to
make for me I am making your recipe for
pear and ginger pavlova okay so the
pavlova I made earlier very heavy this
morning classic pavlova recipe
it went into me I'm gonna cook for now
and it's been cooling ever since right
with the oven off we are going to whip
the cream now that should be a pouring
cream because if you use the thicker
cream you can't get it to the right
consistency boring BB pouring double
cream
so that's porridge quite nicely yeah
that good okay we're going to put this
on but it's gonna be noisy so we can't
really chat okay just leave it okay
right come on cooking meat gets come on
this side of me now right okay so we
have the pears that I poached yesterday
and it's feels like an awful lot of
pears this for a nick you've got more
than it was five five pairs this one
site that's perfect really I think you
know will you two be paged I think that
your recipe
so you said leave half for decorations
try and chop the others into certain
little touch them as per your recipe in
just lemon juice water and a tiny bit of
sugar but really 50 grams I think it was
four five yeah okay just I like to have
I think it's nice to have them hide
they're going in here with the cream in
a minute okay and then this is the shock
horror into this beautiful creamy mix we
put six crystallized ginger stem to
stern ginger bulbs my gosh they're so
good
snap ginger is lovely and it's not
strong it's just it's a big pair of
ginger it's a good marriage and then I'm
all about central food it just doesn't
take too long to do this isn't too
complicated after all you've made this
power was it difficult no fantasy I made
it on something like 430 people who were
coming I quadrupled the in greets you
can't always do that it doesn't work
it's not just perfect perfect perfect
shall we put this on a serving dish for
you that's a great idea
he'll serving this really what I'm
perfect is that classy I might say that
this is a very good example of a popular
but very often you'll get a bit of
cracking which is part of his charm so
it doesn't look quite as perfect as this
don't worry okay and because of the
length of cooking time you've done it
when we press that it could be so soft
marshmallow so pile of it along if
you'll make me this ahead you make the
pavlova and then you fill it and that's
we hours before you serve it just soften
I want a crisscross it a bit wet in the
way you mean by crisscross it like that
oh we've
yes just not too far okay see normally I
call it rustic and I just well that's
not really all your own work yeah
otherwise you know just make you coming
here to my house and cook me some lunch
that doesn't work does it
that's lovely you sprinkle chopped
ginger whatever I think because it's
Christmas it's that one okay one thing I
was going to ask you was you know how
sometimes when you're making a pavlova
you'll put a flavoring into the meringue
bit yeah what if I put a little bit of
crisp of the ginger stem ginger juice
into the pavlova so in each injury base
that would be disastrous
why because you wouldn't get the volume
that clever thing is to put the syrup in
the cream oh that's a good idea
but you didn't have that in your
if you want to you can okay up to you
you know something
yeah okay
so here is I think okay here is a
pavlova and only we had someone who was
hungry and wanted to eat it
can you please this really this is my
boyfriend he knows here too and
sometimes he's allowed to eat the food
that this is very excited to me because
pavlova was my mum's she was training in
Melbourne
she told me where it came from and got
every special occasion she would serve
and what special occasion in history
it's another than the one you made them
yeah it is absolutely share perfection
it should be very proud
she's like I'm tasting it going back to
school and the headmistress saying I'm
pleased with you it's literally this I
mean you couldn't my worry is that
you're being a bit old-fashioned and
judging the book by its cover for we
know it's disgusting to us
am I gonna be dragged back down the
corridor of years so the pair of gingers
locate my seventies combo isn't it it's
like sparkly and Stilton soup or
something isn't it
absolutely you've absolutely cracked it
it's just much better than the one I
made on Sunday if you follow a good
recipe and you do is it perfect
we've done that well I followed your
liquor I stated the lesson and I'm
great one for not doing that but when
you're when you have to sometimes it
just is better and this just is better
hmm now you've done your classic
maryberry trick
what happened to mouthfuls and you
moving on you it's quick with me eat too
much yeah you'll be very very careful
yeah well done I think it's absolutely
lovely Helen
no that was my backup it didn't go so
well it's fine it's not awful it's just
not as perfect more fresh I think it's
wonderful
yeah all right it's like you say happy
Christmas to the lovely viewers in the
world
not you happy Christmas to everyone and
please make this pear and ginger pavlova
she's cracked it so could you